content/gen_process/index.md, before:

---
date: 2016-09-08T15:15:41-07:00
menu: main
title: Development
weight: 3
---

`Brick` is created from collective efforts. Brick schema is generated through following steps.

### Processes

1. Identify necessary terminologies from existing building metadata and modern applications.
([Building application list](https://ibm.biz/UCB-IBM-Apps.)).
2. Organize the terminologies into Tags/Tagsets in a spreadsheet.
([Schema Engineering Sheet](https://github.com/BuildSysUniformMetadata/GroundTruth/blob/master/Brick/Schema%20Engineering.xlsx))
3. A script converts the sheet to Turtle files.
([Brick schema generator](https://github.com/BuildSysUniformMetadata/GroundTruth/blob/master/Brick/BuildBrick.ipynb))
4. Generated schema will be shared via [Getting Brick](/source)

### Tools
The `Brick` examples and most of our development has used the Python
[rdflib](https://rdflib.readthedocs.io/en/stable/) library.

### Issue Tracking

We welcome any comments through Github issue page ([Issues](https://github.com/BuildSysUniformMetadata/GroundTruth/issues)). Issues will be reviewed regularly by a board meeting.
In particular, we are pleased to listen to you for missing Tagsets and inaccurate definitions.

Commit message:

Minor overhaul of the gen_process page

content/gen_process/index.md, after:

---
date: 2016-09-08T15:15:41-07:00
menu: main
title: Development
weight: 3
---

`Brick` is created from collective efforts.

### Process

The Brick schema files were generated by:

1. Identifying necessary terminologies from existing building metadata and modern applications. The result is the [Building application list](https://ibm.biz/UCB-IBM-Apps.)).
2. Organizing the terminologies into Tags/Tagsets in a spreadsheet. The result is the [Schema Engineering Sheet](https://github.com/BuildSysUniformMetadata/GroundTruth/blob/master/Brick/Schema%20Engineering.xlsx)
3. Converting the spreadsheet into Turtle files. This was done using the [Brick schema generator](https://github.com/BuildSysUniformMetadata/GroundTruth/blob/master/Brick/BuildBrick.ipynb)
4. The generated schema is available on the [Getting Brick](/source) page.

### Extending

General extension of brick should be done by posting an issue on github. Experimental extensions can be implemented in separate namespaces.

### Tools

The `Brick` examples and most of our development was done using the Python [rdflib](https://rdflib.readthedocs.io/en/stable/) library.

### Issue Tracking

We welcome any comments through Github issue page ([Issues](https://github.com/BuildSysUniformMetadata/GroundTruth/issues)). Issues will be reviewed regularly by a board meeting.
In particular, we are pleased to listen to you for missing Tagsets and inaccurate definitions.
